hello and thank you for joining me for
day 43 of my 365 days of crafting today
I'm going to show you how to make some
really cute post earrings using buttons
these two right here I've used just
regular buttons and then these two pair
right here I've covered some buttons
with fabric and made them into earrings
for this project you will need some
earring findings and they're just plain
posts you can get them at the craft
store and then some backings to go with
them I'm going to use a half inch button
cover kit I have some assorted vintage
buttons here you're going to need some
epoxy I use the e6000 some contrasting
embroidery floss some fabric that has
small print on it and that's all you
will need to make these earrings so
these button earrings are really simple
all I'm going to do is just put a little
dab of epoxy in the middle of the larger
button and then I'm just going to place
the smaller button on top and then I'll
do that to both of them and then I'll
let them dry completely before I attach
the earring backing so when you open
your fabric covered button kit what you
will have are the tops you will have
these little bottoms which are the
button part you will have this little
tool and this tool helps you to put the
fabric onto the buttons and the first
thing you're going to want to do is
you're going to want to take the shank
part off of the earring backing and the
easiest way to do that is to kind of
push with your thumb and then bend the
backing up and make sure you don't bend
the metal part so I've got one end out
and then I'm just going to pull the
other end out
and there you have your backing without
the shank so then you're going to have
these two little pieces of metal
sticking up and what you're going to
want to do is just press those down
using your tools so they're flat that's
pretty easy to do and just do that on
both sides and then once you get them
down so they're flat then you're ready
to go ahead and make your fabric covered
button so on the back of your button
cover package there's a circle and
you'll want to go ahead and cut out so
once you get that cut out it looks like
this and I'm going to use these little
small diamonds as my buttons so what I'm
going to do is just turn it over and I'm
going to Center the diamond and kind of
turn it over and make sure it's centered
and then I'm going to draw around that
and cut that out so I've just used a
regular pen to trace around that and
then I'm gonna go ahead and cut that
circle out then you want to take this
little white piece here and you want to
take your fabric with the right side up
place that in there and then you're
going to put your button top you're
going to push that in and you're going
to push all the excess fabric in there
make sure you get it all in and then
you're going to take this little piece
that we took the shank off of and you're
going to place that on top and then
you're going to take this little magic
doodad here and you're going to place
that on there and then with your thumb
you're going to just press then you just
pop your button out and there you have
your fabric covered button and then to
make that into an earring what I'm going
to do is I'm going to take a small
amount of epoxy
and I'm going to dab it on to the
backing just make sure it's completely
covered and then what I'm going to do is
just place that in there make sure that
you get it centered and then let it dry
completely and then you have your cute
fabric covered button earring then when
your earrings have completely dried you
can just go ahead and put your backings
on and you can actually cut out little
pieces of card stock and put little
holes in them if you want to make a cute
little presentation for a gift so I hope
you've enjoyed day 43 of my 365 days of
crafting and I will see you tomorrow